Good morning, Poonam this side from Super Daily, am I speaking to Pushpak ji right? Yes. Sir, the call is regarding the complaint of partial order delivered concern, concern related to today's delivery. You raised the ticket that date sold in 500 gram one packet is missing, right? Yes. So sir, you received a cabbage in one packet, right? Yes. So in that packet some different items, some wrong items you received or only a single quantity of cabbage is there? There was just one quantity of cabbage. And the outer packet is in damage or in open condition or it is a totally sealed pack condition? Which one, the cabbage one? Sir, your voice is very low. Hello. Yeah. Yeah, which one, the cabbage one or? The packet in which you received the cabbage, is that packet is in open or damaged condition or totally sealed pack? Totally sealed pack. So some wrong item you received in that packet or only single quantity of cabbage is there? No, just single quantity of cabbage. So may be possible that during packing at the warehouse may be the person mistakenly forget to put this item, but no worry sir, I am explaining, sharing all the information given in written to the concern department regarding this. So right now I am initiating a refund here, so possibility is both, either you get refund or may be rescheduled for the next day because we are only authorized to initiate a refund to the customer, but sometimes system automatically converted in reschedule also. So that is the reason possibility is both and I think that you already know about it that customer have also right to cancel the rescheduled product from the cleaner. So after cancellation, it will take hardly 10-15 minutes, that amount will be refunded in wallet section. Okay sir. Okay. And what about. Is there anything else? Yeah. Yeah, about my second concern, which feed, there was. Sir, your voice is very low. Hello. Yes sir. Sir, sorry, but again your voice is very low, words are not clearly audible. Okay, your concern relates. Hello. Yeah, now it is audible. Yeah. Other, you are talking about the. Seeds. Sir, you are talking about. Yeah. Yeah, seeds. So you raise a ticket for quality expire, so you receive the product, but expiry packets you received. Yes, actually those like the couple of. Okay, sir, it is not possible. Yeah, but do not worry, actually I am not in that department, because if you are getting up packets of expiry date now, so regarding this, you already raised the right ticket that is quality expire. So in this situation, our quality agent connect you and give the resolution for the same. Okay. Because if the customer, if the customer not received the product or some item is missing inside the packet. Okay. So in that case, I am the authorized person. Okay. So I can initiate a refund to the customer. Sure. Okay, sir, no worry, our quality agent also connect you for the resolution. Okay. Thank you. Is there anything else I could help you with? No, that is all. That is all. Thank you. Okay, sir, thank you. Thank you for choosing super daily. Have a super day. Thank you. 